c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\LinqShow.exe
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\LinqShow.pdb
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\MemoryDataSource.dll
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\bin\Debug\MemoryDataSource.pdb
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow.g.resources
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow.exe
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow.pdb
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\ClientDetails.baml
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\ClientDetails.g.cs
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\LinqShow_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\TransactionDetails.baml
C:\Users\houp\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\LinqShow\LinqShow\obj\x86\Debug\TransactionDetails.g.cs
